

https://www.almanac.com/vegetable-gardening-for-beginners

Hi! I am Myrna and I am from San Francisco. A hobby that I recently started and I am enjoying is gardening! What I have enjoyed so far is watching my plants grow. i have mostly planted edible plants and it is very exciting when i am able to harvest some of it. I am a beginner gardner, which means that I have killed a few of my plants as I learn. What first got me interested into gardnening were carnivorous plants. I had a nepenthese a few years ago but sadly killed it when I forgot it in my classroom over winter break. Earlier this year I bought more crnivorous plants and, well, I killed those too... Soo I decided to switch to edible plants because I thought they would be easier to manage than tropical plants and so far its been pretty great!

I enjoy gardnening because I like watching the seeeds grow, mature, and produce a harvest. Since taking up this hobby I have been in awe of plants. They're so cool! It is amazing to me how they can grow so lrge and produce food . I am also intrigued at how they'think'  and 'communicate'. For example  plants let you know when they are being under or overwatered or if they get enough sunlight. It is also pretty awesome to me how they roots keep growing in search of water or how strawberry plnts throw out runners to reproduce. Through my little time in gardnening i am also impressed by how gardners grow so many cops and keep them alive and tasting well. I was also shocked at how long it takes some plants and trees to mature. Another thing  like bout plants is the flowers because I think they are all so  cool and beautiful, it's even better when they have great aroma like allysum, lavendar, and mint. Managing the garden hs also been a bit therapeutic in a way  by keeping me more grounded and thinknig in the present when I water it, prune it, or check it for bugs. 

If you would like to start your own garden you will need a container, soil, water and a few seeds. If you do not have seeds you can also try to grow  plant from another plant but I can explain that another time. First you will put your soil in the container. Then you will bury the seed about an inch from the top in the soil. Next you will water the soil. Pour the water in lightly til water seeps through . Don't do it too fast or let it overflow because the seeds may fall out, I know from experience. Then find a place with good sunlight to put your container. Finally remember to water the container every few days. One way to water it is by sticking your finger in the soil, about an inch or two deep , to see if the soil is wet or dry. If it is dry water it if it is wet, wait til try to water it so you won't get root rot. You can check out more tips at this pagge https://www.almanac.com/vegetable-gardening-for-beginners 

I hope you have a great time with your garden!